hello and welcome everybody I'm
major-general havoc and welcome to my
graphs rel games so today I have a very
unique challenge that I'm gonna do it
okay I explain in just a second well you
know X finding out on my back ok this is
the flash challenge and basically i'm
going to use the kit the Scout kit which
gives you crazy speed potions and I'm
gonna be using as flesh and look at this
boat it was really awesome i'll explain
why it's got awesome bone just a second
but the idea is I'm gonna have to act
like flash and I'm going to have to
escape at least three people okay I can
do more but I need to get away from at
least three people and it doesn't count
spawn okay and honestly just so you guys
know I've never played this map before
but I sometimes I have beginner's luck
on some of these maps okay anyways mple
that guys in there let's go ahead over
here um is there anything on Rivera far
it is it's what happens about anyway so
yeah I'm using a custom resource pack if
you probably are noticing and this is
made by the awesome notice very very
great texture pack designer I found him
really randomly and like look at this
bow for example this is crazy awesome
okay he actually literally just finishes
him few minutes ago okay escape number
one you finish this bowl literally like
a few minutes ago and look at it it's
really awesome hopefully I get some
shots off of it um let's see if I can
escape my first guy did I do it yes I
did I did it I did it okay victory dance
every time I did ah okay I better get
goin otherwise like I'm coming back okay
let's go over there we go awesome and
yeah i'll be showing the bone just a
second it wants to get some errors let's
go ahead oh there we go this is sword
awesome let's pop that on pop that on
pat pat pat pat pop and stuff own okay
oh yes so look at so he just right now
this is the resource pack isn't done yet
right now what is done is the sword so
look at that sorry i'll show you more
storage once i get more oh yeah there we
go and then also the the let's pop that
on as well also yeah the swords in the
bow are the only things that are done
right now but let's give it a shot look
at this look at this oh my word isn't
that awesome ok so the arrows aren't
done yet stuff but this is
very early on and he's been a really
good job of it he's a great resource
pack maker anyways I'll probably release
it eventually you guys like it let me
know what you think of the bowing in the
resource pack I like the sorts a ton
you'll see the other sorts there they're
pretty similar to that we're trying to
stick with the original original d
textures a little bits going to be kind
of like a default edit but are really
nice defaulted it because notice is
amazing with these resource packs very
experienced and very very good okay
alright so headin up here I'm I'm I've
assessed successfully escaped one person
but I'm hearing someone else around here
it's just crouch okay so anybody up here
I'm sure this is anticipated place let's
see oh there is somebody up here oh dear
is he over there oh he is okay well I'll
get this guy oh there we go there we go
miss them man mmm okay well just escaped
him then no fall damage for me buddy oh
man fall damage okay I want to use one
of my potions but they're hard to use
because they're not splash if there are
splash potions to be so much easier all
right I think I'm far enough to use one
of these okay man he's got something
chasing him and the particles are
strange notice must have been doing some
strange silly with them he's a cool guy
okay there we go haha then I got burnt
buddy now you can't catch me oh no looks
like I'm safe kind of okay i just want
it's even hard to see I don't have my
fov all the way up but it's still kind
of hard to see okay it looks like I
skipped that guy are these two guys
teaming they are man
oh great oh great cool team's coming for
you buddy boy oh no just what I needed
I'll get you too buddy you like that you
like that in your face you like it well
I don't so stop it please wait oh
there's some action going on over there
whoo I gotta get out of here oh man
let's see if they can get in the shoot
some heroes back it's my awesome bow
I'll be able to shoot you buddy come
line here we go I want him to shoot some
arrows but I don't wanted to hit me okay
all right well it looks like I'm running
a little low on food so let's see if I
can can find a crafting table somewhere
well I've successfully I'll say I've
successfully skipped two teams okay well
not too different well actually I think
I've done three people so far oh yeah
that's awesome um let's see if I can
there we go not poison that's awesome is
there anything good in here you're the
chest on the server are a bit random so
let's see if I can what in ok I can I
can take out people in horses their
horses art its people think it makes him
invincible so they don't really retreat
when they should there we go oh man
there's a guy right there is in there
okay running Randy like the wind you
can't kiss me a little boobie do see a
speed bonus too whoa oh yeah outran for
people today is my day folks this is the
game this is the game does the game I've
been waiting for okay um do you have any
golden apples anything any better swords
I guess not Oh stone sword look at this
don't site it's nice too okay uh I'm
just like okay let's drop some more
stuff in here and the boat looks so cool
I don't even want to drop it okay let's
go ahead and let's leave that I your
lair there elven sword you keep the
Elven thorn I should probably keep that
down there okay got some more food to
which
awesome and I've escaped quite a few
people if I do say so myself which it
was the gull so I think flash is doing
pretty good today at I'm not as good in
some other rounds i must admit but you
guys are doing pretty good right now
okay doesn't match his beginning doesn't
look like i could deathmatch won the
world what kind of it but death matches
this dude okay we need to team against
team don't buddy oh my word that's the
way you do it see you be so fast and
flashy anyways I accomplished my goal
scaping at least like four or five
people let me know what you think of
this resource pack and I'll eventually
probably recent release it to you guys
it's not done yet so anyways guys
looking oh you think have a great day
and I'll see you later